
Project Integration Management


PROJECT CHARTER

This authorizes the project manger and the project 
It is written by the project sponsor 


Future Value of Money
FV = PV(1+i)^n
The project has to be worth more than the FV within the set time period
else it is not a really good investment

Present Value of Money
PV = FV/(1+i)^n

Net Present Value
Project has a return on investment each year
The bigger the NPV, the better the project is

Internal Rate of Return
Anything greater than zero is good


ASSUMPTION AND CONSTRAINTS

Assumptions are things that we believe to be true, but are not proven
They are documented and updated in the 'assumption log'
Can be a risk as well

Constraints are things that limit options

PROJECT MANAGEMENT PLAN

What goes into the project management plan:

1. Scope management plan
	How scope will be defined, developed, monitored, controlled and validated

2. Requirements management plan
	How requirements will be analyzed, documented, and managed

3. Schedule management plan
	Criteria and activities for developing, monitoring, and controlling the schedule

4. Cost management plan
	How costs will be planned, structured, and controlled 

5. Quality management plan
	How an organization's quality policies, methodologies, and standards will be implemented
	in the project 

6. Resource management plan
	How project resources are categorized, allocated, managed and released 

7. Communications management plan
	How, when, and by whom information will be administered and disseminated 

8. Risk management plan
	How risk management activities will be structured and performed 

9. Procurement management plan
	How the project team will acquire goods and services from outside of the performing organization

10. Stakeholder engagement plan
	How stakeholders will be engaged in project decisions and execution


INTEGRATION CHANGE CONTROL

Changes to the project will have to go through integrated change control 
Examined the effect of change on the entire project 

Change request are entered into the change management system
Changes to scope are entered into the configuration management system
In the case it can either be approved, deferred or rejected 

Change is approved by the project manager but in some organizations it is the 
'change control board'

If it is 'APPROVED' it goes into the 'PROJECT MANAGEMENT PLAN'
If it is 'APPROVED' or 'DECLINED' it goes into the 'CHANGE LOG'


CLOSING ACTIVITIES

Finalizing the project or phase records